# BudgetWise Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy for BudgetWise app

<html><head><meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="content-type">BudgetWise</span></p><p class="c4"><span class="c10">Privacy Policy</span></p><p class="c2"><span class="c5">Last updated: July 07, 2023</span></p><p class="c2"><span class="c5">This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.</span></p><p class="c4"><span class="c10">Interpretation and Definitions</span></p><p class="c4"><span class="c9">Interpretation</span></p><p class="c2"><span class="c5">The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.</span></p><p class="c4"><span class="c9">Definitions</span></p><p class="c2"><span class="c5">For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:</span></p><ul class="c8 lst-kix_list_1-0 start"><li class="c6 li-bullet-0"><span class="c3">Account</span><span class="c5">&nbsp;means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.</span></li><li class="c1 li-bullet-0"><span class="c3">Affiliate</span><span class="c5">&nbsp;means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where &quot;control&quot; means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.</span></li><li class="c1 li-bullet-0"><span class="c3">Application</span><span class="c5">&nbsp;refers to Delta Apps, the software program provided by the Company.</span></li><li class="c1 li-bullet-0"><span class="c3">Company</span><span class="c5">&nbsp;(referred to as either &quot;the Company&quot;, &quot;We&quot;, &quot;Us&quot; or &quot;Our&quot; in this Agreement) refers to Delta Apps.</span></li><li class="c1 li-bullet-0"><span class="c3">Country</span><span class="c5">&nbsp;refers to: Washington, United States</span></li><li class="c1 li-bullet-0"><span class="c3">Device</span><span class="c5">&nbsp;means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.</span></li><li class="c1 li-bullet-0"><span class="c3">Personal Data</span><span class="c5">&nbsp;is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.</span></li><li class="c1 li-bullet-0"><span class="c3">Service</span><span class="c5">&nbsp;refers to the Application.</span></li><li class="c1 li-bullet-0"><span class="c3">Service Provider</span><span class="c5">&nbsp;means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.</span></li><li class="c1 li-bullet-0"><span class="c3">Usage Data</span><span class="c5">&nbsp;refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).</span></li><li class="c15 li-bullet-0"><span class="c3">You</span><span class="c5">&nbsp;means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.</span></li></ul><p class="c4"><span class="c10">Collecting and Using Your Personal Data</span></p><p class="c4"><span class="c9">Types of Data Collected</span></p><p class="c4"><span class="c7">Personal Data</span></p><p class="c2"><span class="c5">While using Our Service, We will never ask You to provide Us with any personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. All the data entered into the app is stored on your mobile device and will not be transmitted to us. We do not require creation or personal account nor require login into Our service. Our service is only for informational and educational purposes. The feedback section does not require you to enter any identifiable information such as your name or email. </span></p><p class="c4"><span class="c7">Usage Data</span></p><p class="c2"><span class="c5">No usage Data is collected when using our Service.</span></p><p class="c2"><span class="c5">We do not knowingly collect any Usage Data such as Your Device&#39;s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. Our service is only for informational and educational purposes. </span></p><p class="c2"><span class="c5">When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We do not collect any information automatically including the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.</span></p><p class="c4"><span class="c9">Security of Your Personal Data</span></p><p class="c2"><span class="c5">The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.</span></p><p class="c4"><span class="c10">Children&#39;s Privacy</span></p><p class="c2"><span class="c5">Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.</span></p><p class="c2"><span class="c5">If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent&#39;s consent before We collect and use that information.</span></p><p class="c4"><span class="c10">Links to Other Websites</span></p><p class="c2"><span class="c5">Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party&#39;s site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.</span></p><p class="c2"><span class="c5">We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.</span></p><p class="c4"><span class="c10">Changes to this Privacy Policy</span></p><p class="c2"><span class="c5">We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.</span></p><p class="c2"><span class="c5">We will let You know via prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the &quot;Last updated&quot; date at the top of this Privacy Policy.</span></p><p class="c2"><span class="c5">You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.</span></p><p class="c4"><span class="c10">Contact Us</span></p><p class="c2"><span class="c5">If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:</span></p><ul class="c8 lst-kix_list_6-0 start"><li class="c2 c16 li-bullet-0"><span class="c5">By email:&nbsp;AlgoEdit@hotmail.com</span></li></ul><p class="c17"><span class="c0"></span></p></body></html>
